feat(curriculum): styling checkboxes workshop (#62607)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-game-settings-panel/68ee86e3ee07b01626a392cc.md

---
id: 68ee86e3ee07b01626a392cc
title: Step 5
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> In this step you will assign your newly created class `settings-card` to your `div`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now it is time to add your newly created `settings-card` class to your `div` element.
```
